#summary 14 CFR Part 139.333 Protection of NavAids

= Introduction =

14 CFR Part 139.333 Protection of NavAids is a module designed around keeping track of PAPI/MALSR/REIL inspections and calibrations.   

= Details =

In order to ensure that your airports approach is safe, quarterly inspections of the PAPI/REIL are important as well as daily checks of the approach lighting system.  The Part 333 module allows an airport to keep track of their 333 inspections as well as issue discrepancies through the 327 system when problems are found.

= Customize =

The Part 333 inspection module is a depth 2 system where data entry on the PAPI/REIL/ and approach system will be needed to bring the system online.  The default settings will allow the system to function; however, it will be inaccurate for your airport and should be changed. An airport must enter each PAPI/REIL box as a separate unit in the equipment inventory table and although not required the airport should provide the GPS location in the proper field.  Doing this for every PAPI and REIL will ensure that the system knows where on the airport the box is, will allow the boxes to be properly sorted and make the end user experience much more complete. 

For an airport with two runways and 16 PAPI boxes the change is as easy as updating the name of the default equipment to the proper runway heading and changing the GPS locations to where your units are.  Updating the REIL is just as simple.

For the MALSR or other approach lighting, the system is depth 1 in that it knows the general layout of a MALSR (Threshold, Steady Burn, or Sequence Flashers); however, there is no attempt to directly link an inspection checklist with a specific light. A problem found can be map located.  This allows the airport to make three general equipment entries.  One for the threshold lights, one for the steady burn, and one for the sequence flashers.  For an airport with one approach customization will be as easy as changing the name of the equipment to reflect the proper runway heading. 