#summary Managing your airports training syllabus

= Training Syllabus =

== Introduction ==

The foundation of 14 CFR Part 139.303 (c) is the management of your training sessions and in OpenAirport that is done by creating and utilizing your training syllabus.

== Details ==

There are three ways to utilize the syllabus:

  * A). One checklist item specif icing outside training completed. Best used for Wildlife Management (337) and Hazardous Materials (327).

  * B). General subject headers of the training conducted in each class.  Usable in any part and is probably the preferred method. More on why latter.

  * C). A very specific list of the training conducted and would essentially be the instructors training guide. This is not recommended as the syllabus in OpenAirport as explained latter.


== Complexity in the Syllabus ==

The syllabus works like a checklist similar to how the inspection checklist works in Part 327 and Part 333 as such it can be anything you want it to be and as complex as you want it to be.  OpenAirport will work in anyway you want to use it; however, there are a number of reasons why you should NOT use a very specific list of the training conducted as your syllabus in OpenAirport. Some examples of why:

  * A general list is more manageable.  It will take less time to review the syllabus, make changes as needed, and will be less confusing.

  * There is an unlimited number of Part 303 (c) training sessions that you can define, meaning you can create special education sessions for any task you want to train that day, month. year, etc.  You are not limited to one massive checklist of all training ever to be conducted that year.

  * You can attach the class outline to the Part 303 (c) Training record meaning that even though your checklist in general you can pull up the actual training outline at anytime you want. Making a comprehensive syllabus redundant. 

  * It will be easier for you to see what training has been completed and what has not by using general headings in the syllabus. 

  * Utilizing a more general list of education will result in less storage space used by the server, quicker access to the module, and less bandwidth used. 

Ultimately it is your choice on what works best with your airport needs; however, OpenAirport suggest general heading syllabus for all training sessions conducted. 

== Different Classes for Different Folks ==

Not everyone will require all of the training, it maybe such that your pilots whom receive drivers education don't need all of the training within the core group; however, it is important that an airport define a training program that ensures everyone receives the training necessarily to conduct their duties under the airport certification manual and that pedestrians and ground vehicles also receive training while operating at the airport.  In this case, an airport should define a number of different types of classes that can be taught to their students.

The default classes are:

  * ARFF Training, (Syllabus Type A)
  * LEO Training, (Syllabus Type A)
  * Airport Security Coordinator, (Syllabus Type A) 
  * Operations Personnel Training, (Syllabus Type B)
  * Vehicle Operator N/MA {Pilots,FAA,Airway Facilities,NWS}, (Syllabus Type B) 

Two additional classes are provides as logical extensions of the regulatory classes as an example of what can also be done. 

  * Safety Meeting (City Requirement), (Syllabus Type B)
  * Seasonal Part-Time Employees, (Syllabus Type B)